## Key concepts

### User types

There are several user types with different features enabled.

**Public user** - joins Bloom without a partner, with access to self guided and live courses.

**Partner user** - joins Bloom via a partner (and access code) with access to extra features and courses enabled by the partner(s).

**Partner admin user** - a partner team member who uses the app to complete Bloom admin tasks such as creating new partner access codes.

### Authentication

User authentication is handled by [Firebase Auth](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth). Bearer tokens are sent in api request headers and verified in [auth.service.ts](src/auth/auth.service.ts). The user record is fetched using the retrieved user email of the token.

### Crisp profiles

Crisp is the messaging platform used to message the Chayn team in relation to bloom course content or other queries and support. For public users, this 1-1 chat feature is available on _live_ courses only. For partner users, This 1-1 chat feature is available to users with a `PartnerAccess` that has 1-1 chat enabled.

Users who have access to 1-1 chat also have a profile on Crisp that reflects data from our database regarding their partners, access and course progress. See [crisp-api.ts](src/api/crisp/crisp-api.ts)

### Reporting

Google Data Studio is an online tool for converting data into customizable informative reports and dashboards.

The reports are generated by writing custom sql queries that return actionable data to Data Studio. Filters are applied in Data Studio allowing
data to be segregated into different time periods based on the data createdAt date